files:
app.py = flask app
google1.py = no use for this but it COULD be used with CCN scrape to write to DB
tweepy1.py = this executes Christians twitter api calls

folders:
js - contains all our javascript
	- twitter.js is the leaflet / gauge / to be plotly scatter one
	- some other .js files needed for gauge js

py scripts - archive for .py scripts used in project
ipynb scripts - archive for jupyter notebooks used in project
templates - html files for project



Functionality so far:
So far we have the engine working and the map is mapping and is 
displaying each users tweet info. Click on the markers to show the popups.

The city is hard coded (so are my twitter access keys) into tweepy1.py
- clicking the "search" button on index.html will load up a map that contains ~20
 (changeable #) tweets from Dallas.

One of the challenges still is figuring out how to pass a city from an HTML drop down
to the python script that gets the data. My twitter.js is also hard coded to Dallas 
coordinates for now so maybe there is a way to pass the city coords in at the end of
 the dict so we could dynamically load that too?

I'm still working on a way to get the gauge.js to work.I will also add the plotly 
scatter plot below the map/gauge to analyze sentiment vs amount of followers.

As far as getting the news articles to show up for each city and the format of the 
pages and the overall look are you guys cool with working with bootstrap/jinja
or whatever you see fit for that? You can format the map.html file too I just append
to a couple <divs> in there, the rest is unformatted.. It needs to kinda all
be brought together a bit...

I feel like the landing page lets the user choose their city, 
then clicking "Search" pops up a new tab to load map.html, then maybe a popup 
message that says "your request has been submitted and is loading in a new tab", 
while maybe the current page will load the CNN data like "Look at these articles 
from this city while your request is completed." ...?

Anyways I'll be on working on the javascript throughout the week, I'll probably have it
finished before Saturday. Also these are just my thoughts for
the project and a lot of this is still up to you how to want it to work... HMU
or text me if you want me to change anything that I'm doing, thanks!





